[SLP-3524] Add sumup_card icon and update sumup_scheme to pink (#3698)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/pink-schemes-smile.md

---
"@sumup-oss/icons": patch
---

> Update sumup_scheme card-scheme icon to pink design (SLP-3524)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the size 32 of the SumupScheme icon to the pink design
```
